suitable boy is based on vikram state's
book which is
epic in size scope and our mini series
we're attempting to do that
it feels so period correct that you
will never be able to tell that it's not
in the 50s
the attention to detail is amazing
the idea was really to create something
that felt very real
that felt very special to india to what
was happening at the time
and to present it in a in a cinematic
way it's about the real birth
of our heroin latte finding her identity
and it's about the
birth of democracy in india
lata sometimes comes up with the idea
that she will not get married
do you think we can cure her of these
theories what i'm trying to do with each
family
and what the book does is to show that
each family represents a part of india
it's very clear that each character has
a reason
and represents more than just himself or
herself
the first thing i did is to research the
time period which is crucial for any
production designer and it's the fun
part
there are 75 locations and every detail
is important
every color choice has been thought
about
you know it's been placed there for a
reason we have an impeccable
uh production designer stephanie is is
really really amazing
and you feel that immediately as an
actor
you play off of the environment and it
feels so authentic
i often between takes would just be like
loitering about my own house in the show
prime nivas my character's house
and and just you know there would be so
many books that i could just open
off the period that i could open and
read at any time and
items and things that are all felt real
everything that you see is 1950s
and that is amazing i mean they have
the cards that i have are actually my
own cards my ish kapoor revenue minister
rana and savita's house it just feels so
correct
like this is where fran would be
the post-colonial aspect of this story
is fascinating
the chatterjees are still influenced by
the british they're in calcutta and
their home is
really reflects the british influence
much more than the other characters
we never see lattice or mrs maevers home
because they
they don't have one they basically
reflected in every room they have in
someone else's house
arjun's costumes are amazing the thing
that has
really struck me about the series is its
attention to detail
i feel very lucky to be dressed by a
juniper scene he's really really
fantastic
whenever i start the design for any job
it's always
starts with the page what's on the page
what's in the script
we started with uh with a wedding that
was a bit showy
that had a lot of people in it to kind
of
draw you into the world of suitable boy
there was the meeting of two
families we wanted to talk about
richness we wanted to talk about
the excitement so we used colors in that
way we used deep purples
reds burgundies greens
all in this banana sea silk with a lot
of gold a lot of trimming a lot of
borders
the way i always thought of lata is that
she's the one character
in the show who's really evolving from
the beginning to the end
she starts as a very in a very nascent
capacity she's a student
she's wide-eyed and in a way to me she
always represents
india and independence and the start of
something new
a fresh start either by
people want to know who she is there's a
real secrecy and kind of guardedness to
her
and if we could try to explain those
things and show those things
with textile that was something that i
was really interested in doing
it would be a lot of layers and veils to
her that there were sheer fabrics on
sheer fabrics on sheer fabrics
and you had to really peel things away
for her to be revealed
i wanted and meera wanted each person to
be special and specific
they just create this whole wonderful
space where you can just
feel like you're you're in that period
and i feel like i belong to that era now
to the 50s and i just want to be there
it's
[Music]
wonderful
you